Pd 1163 expand local build contributing content (#2909)
truenas/documentation: README.md

* The custom [GeekDocs theme](https://geekdocs.de/) provides a bare-bones theme with templates and shortcodes for styling the website and content.
* Specific .css customizations are added on top of GeekDocs in the /static/custom.css, /data/menu/, and /layouts/ files

> # Installation and Download Process

Reviewer: Mixing gerund and verb phrase headings is not a best practice. Exceptions are sections like Before you Begin or Prerequisites. For parallel construction either make all headings gerunds (with the afore mentioned exceptions) or don't use gerund headings. In this readme I think avoiding gerunds might be a better approach, so I suggest the following change:
```suggestion
# Install Hugo
```

1. Download Hugo Extended v0.117.0 from [https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases/](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases/tag/v0.117.0) and [install](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/ "Install Hugo").
   See these instructions for manually installing the Hugo extended version in WSL: https://sal.as/post/install-hugo-on-wsl/

2. Download this repository.

# Local Build Process

> 1. Open the downloaded repository within your desired text editor and run Hugo with `hugo serve`. When complete, a local copy of the website is available by entering `//localhost:1313/` in a browser address bar.
> 2. As changes within your chosen text editor or integrated development environment (IDE) are made, Hugo automatically rebuilds the local copy to include the intended modifications.

Reviewer: Step 2 is not a step as there is no action, it is the result of running the command. Because this is just a one step/action instruction, remove the numbered list. 
Also, there was some incorrect information about what you enter the Hugo command in, it is entered not in a text editor, it is entered in a terminal window like PowerShell.  
Also, I've learned the hard way that the port 1313 is not always available so I made it a variable. All this in mind, I suggest the following change:
```suggestion
Open the downloaded repository in a terminal program like Windows Power Shell, then enter `hugo serve`.
When complete, a local copy of the website is available.
Enter <code>//localhost:<i>1313</i>/`</code> in a browser address bar, where <code><i>1313</i></code> is the port number shown in the text output of the Hugo build status. In most cases this is `1313` but can be a different port number.
Hugo automatically rebuilds the local copy to include any changes made and saved in your chosen text editor or integrated development environment (IDE).
```

> # Making File Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Make File Changes
```

> 1. From your desired text editor (VS Code, Sublime Text, Atom, Notepad++, etc), utilize [CommonMark](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.31.2/) or [HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp) commands to input changes.
> 2. Save any intended changes within the text editor and wait for modifications to appear on the local build.
> 3. If using GitHub Desktop, ensure that all desired changes have been committed to your working branch prior to creating the final pull request.

Reviewer: Step one is not a step, it is an instruction but not a step. So I suggest the following change:
```suggestion
1. Open your desired text editor (VS Code, Sublime Text, Atom, Notepad++, etc) and enter text changes using [CommonMark](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.31.2/) Markdown or [HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp) tags to format text.
2. Save your changes and wait for modifications to show in the local build.
3. Submit the pull request. 
   If using GitHub Desktop, make sure you commit all desired changes to your working branch before creating the final pull request.
```
Keep instructions simple, clear, concise, and of course correct. ;-)
